Add TensorBoard module and add the callback to GPT2-WikiText2 (#697)
tensorflow/swift-models: TensorBoard/README.md

#TensorBoard

> S4TFversionof[tensorboardX](https://github.com/lanpa/tensorboardX) for writing TensorBoard events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspired by [tensorboardX](https://github.com/lanpa/tensorboardX), this provides the facilities for directly writing TensorBoard-compatible event logs.
```
